>> Brian Holt: This is a good time
to talk about my opinion on testing.
[LAUGH] Everything I'm about to tell you
is purely the doctrine of Brian Holt, and
not necessarily the doctrine
of the community.
So take that with a whole bag of salt,
right.
Just be careful with what I tell you here.
Cuz I'll even say that it's
not necessarily shared by
the community at large.
I don't do a ton of testing on
my React components, right?
And the reason being is every
company that I've worked at,
the UI was constantly in a state of flux,
right.
We were constantly bringing
in new components, and
taking out other components, and just kind
of doing stuff like that willy nilly.
Just because our interfaces
were always changing,
we were always trying new things.
We're doing A/B testing, we were doing
all sorts of these things that made it.
So it was really tough to nail down, this
is our UI and it's gonna stay that way for
a long time.
Writing good test cases takes a while.
It takes a decent amount of effort
to get a decent test case out.
So with these React components, these
presentational parts of React, we kind of
chose for the most part to not test them
unless they were consistently breaking.
Or, they were extremely important or
something like that, right.
Now what we would test is we would test
the business logic behind that we would
write tonnes of test for that, right.
So maybe we were not be testing
the component that shows the payment
information, right.
But we would test that the model behind
the test like that head of the business
logic, we would test the hell out of that,
right.
So, that's kind of up to you.
But we found when we were writing these
tests, these presentational tests,
right, that we would write these tests and
then they would be used for a month and
then they would go away, right.
When I write a test I want it to live for
a long time and be useful for a long time.
So this is purely according to
your particular use case, right.
If you're writing bank code and
banks don't change their UI a whole lot,
makes a ton of sense to
test everything right?
But if you're doing a ton of A/B testing,
you might want to be careful
about what you choose to test.
>> Speaker 2: Can see dots as a course
that goes into this stuff in quite a bit
more detail, if you're interested in the
different paths you can take with testing.
>> Brian Holt: Definitely.
>> Speaker 2: Especially with snapshots.
>> Brian Holt: Yeah, no it's pretty
awesome, I've watched pieces of it, yeah.
>> Speaker 3: Can I ask a question
about what find show card returns?
It's an array, an array of what?
>> Brian Holt: It's going
to return an array of,
well let's see I can show
you from the snapshot.
Snap, it's gonna be an array of these.
Its like they're like stubs pretty much.
>> Speaker 3: Okay, okay.
So if we wanted to validate that
the incorrect shows are being returned,
we could dot into those and
compare titles or something.
>> Brian Holt: The answer is I believe so,
I've never tried.
So,
>> Brian Holt: That would make sense.
>> Brian Holt: Yeah,
I think it's an enzyme component.
And there is some introspection you
can do there, say this is a stub,
this is the props being passed in.
I think you can validate those props
>> Brian Holt: Cool,
any questions on testing?
We will come back and
we will do more testing later, and
we're gonna break our test several times
[LAUGH] before the end of the course.
So that's fun.